or not
with your stories here I bring you a
new tutorial on how to make this little house
for the new horses of the new
1.6 update as we have here
a man here we have a handsome man already and
he will put a voice
there is the house as for this
survival issue when it's a little horse
so that you have as a means of
transportation is good
first then obviously the reinforcements
how is this up
the tips that make the stairs the
let's replace with this
good here because then when I go
deposit
leaving 1
I'm going to normally put these blocks
of you and then we make the other game and
that's all the same
how
and instead of windows they put
berries because like a barn is going to have
years
if we are dominant
with this
same
above
on the steps
with the scan
and here
Y
all the blocks obviously you
down
and then we would be his his house for
work more obviously because it illuminates
as
the crab
let's take
- to things where they compress the wheat in a
picture but good here put the valleys
where they are going to put their horse and they are going
to put in and they're going to start here with a
new rope is to see the animals
but well here I'll be in the tutorial
a very easy tutorial the truth I hope
very father for the little horses of the
new update I hope you have them
liked and up to the structure
please subscribe and lay it
video so you liked it because all
these conceptions and delivered them with
all my Love